In this lecture, we are going to create a new script file for the front end.
Up until now, we've been creating script files for the Gutenberg editor.
However, things are going to change this time.
A script should be loaded on the front end.
WordPress refers to this type of script as a Vue script.
There are two options for loading the script on the front end.
We can use PHP to register and in queue a script.
Alternatively, we can allow WordPress to in queue the script through the block JSON file.
I think it's easier to use the block JSON file.
It'll mean writing less code to get started.
Open the block json file for the authentication modal block.
At the bottom of the object.
Add a new property called View Scripts.
The View script property will load a script on the front end.
We never have to worry about the script appearing in the editor by creating two separate scripts for
the editor and front end.
We can prevent our site from becoming bloated.
WordPress will handle loading the script.
Most importantly, it will check if the block is present on the page if it isn't.
These scripts will never be in queued.
The value for this property will be the following file.
Dot slash front end dot js.
The file name should be unique.
For the rest of this course.
We are going to call our View Scripts front end JS.
This file doesn't exist, so let's create it inside the authentication modal folder.
Create a file called Front End JS.
Next, let's log a message to the console to verify that the file has been loaded on the page.
If you're running the scripts package, you may need to restart the command line.
The front end JS file will not be included with the bundle until the start command has been restarted.
Just to make sure.
Let's take a peek inside the build directory.
The off modal directory should contain the front end JS file by adding the view script property.
These scripts package will search for a file with the same name.
If this file exists, it will be processed with the final builds.
It's very important that the name inside the property matches the actual file name after verifying the
file has been moved.
Let's refresh the experimental page on the front end.
Open the console panel from the developer tools.
Inside the console.
The message from our script will get logged.
That's perfect.
We've got a script for handling the front end of our block.
The script will have access to the elements on the page.
In the next lecture, let's start writing the logic for the registration form.